hey guys Aaron Cybertron's ain't here
and today i'm bringing you a pretty cool
match i had a while back on the special
ladder i'm going through my battle
videos right now and i wanted to just
clean through some of them and this is a
really really fun game i had you see
that my opponent using some pretty crazy
poke money's got Charizard magnezone
Lapras and ride true and I wrote him
wash Kangaskhan talonflame and
ferrothorn so let's get right into it so
going into the battle I was like oh look
at his team he's running some unorthodox
poke mom but like Lapras Raichu really a
magnezone so for me at first immediately
i was i underestimated my opponent seem
for sure i didn't know what to expect
right shoe and lappers i've actually
been used in BGC 2014 write you one
oregon region i was just two weekends
back so it's clearly something that
shouldn't be underestimated especially
with its ability so I'm gonna lead
kangaskhan Rotom wash against his raichu
and Lapras my king is gonna make up the
Lapras does of a faster fake-out than me
so you see here lab bum sees me of ride
she's actually gonna get the fake out
onto my Kangaskhan I'm gonna flinch here
my Rotom is gonna get a tiger pump on to
his right shoe which is great does quite
a low around sixty percent as Lapras cos
for the freezer at this point I'm like
oh my goodness because that is super
effective against riddim wash but
fortunately he targeted Kangaskhan
probably expect expecting a protect from
my Rotom wash so here I don't want to
get freeze-dried so I'm gonna switch out
into my shiny talonflame to take any
potential free strike he's smart though
you guys for the thunder bolt onto
Kangaskhan doing a good amount and
Kangaskhan is gonna get his powerup
punch uh onto this lapis lapis reveal
son I don't let I was very surprised to
see has the weakness policy it and at
this point I'm like oh my goodness i am
i'm actually gonna lose this game right
now because i am gonna get it huge hit
that lapis is definitely mchao one of my
two pokemon see who we targets and my
opponent is very intelligent and goes
for the hydro pump on to my Kangaskhan
so he knocks me out right away if that
Kangaskhan we're still alive probably be
in a good position but sadly that faints
and i take a free-for-all keep my
opponent takes a 4-3 lead right from the
start and so now I need a KO that Lapras
because it's that plus two and it can
actually wanna kill my Rotom so I go for
the brave bird here hoping to get the
knockout it is my talonflame is choice
banded so I'm gonna pick up that
knockout but at what cost right because
ride she was going to knock me out now
with the Thunderbolt before I knock him
out so we're trading pokemon right now I
get to knockouts actually walking only
gets one but
I I haven't seen his last two Pokemon
yet and I have a fire thrown in the back
so I'm already I'm sweating right now
because I know he probably has that
Charizard in the back in Charizard beats
Rotom wash and ferrothorn so at this
point I'm praying I'm praying that
Charizard doesn't come out I bring it in
my phone ferrothorn and I'm like all
right let's see what you got and he
brings in breeze in the magnezone and oh
i see that name and I'm like okay that's
a Charizard good game so I'm ready to
admit defeat but he reveals the
charizard x so at this point I haven't
given up exactly yet and I know that if
I want to win this I have to use
ferrothorn to you know get a leech seed
maybe or even at hacking and so I don't
protect here because I he's probably
expecting me to protect so he goes for
the dragon column to my Rotom does a lot
of damage as i get the Thunderbolt onto
his charizard because at this point I'm
so expecting Charizard y so when you
cease the exa I see a window of
opportunity but at the same time I'm
also like okay this is probably over but
i do get my leech nadal thought to
Charizard so there's still a small
window of opportunity I know Magnezone
can't do very much to me as a whole so I
just need to kill this trouser time I
might just be able to win this game now
this next turn I he's probably expecting
me to protect once again because I
didn't protect the last turn so for two
turns in a row i leave my further in on
this Charizard X not protecting but it
plays off as he gets the kale onto my
rhythm wash and Faron is going to be
able to get an attack off but will it be
enough I am going to go gyro ball this
Charizard which will do a lot even
though it resists because the speed
difference is so big you see here I
bring it down to around twenty five
percent so I'm gonna heal back half of
that would leave see so I need a double
protect here actually no excuse me I
don't need to protect I mean to protect
here the first time but that might not
be enough let's see her throats gonna
get the first protect off charizard is
going to go for an overheat instead of a
flare bus which you normally see as
macro son goes for electric terrain not
going to matter much in this game but a
really beautiful animation as an
electric current runs through the
battlefield my throne is gonna heal from
this Charizard and it's not enough I
need a double protect now so I've got a
one-third chance since a double protect
is nerve than one-third now but
ferrothorn is clutch and it gets the
double protect and this char's are just
going to faint so I managed to take down
a Charizard X with a ferret thorn
essentially and some chip damage from
random wash and I can attest that to
basically playing kind of ballsy knowing
that I need to
not protect with it if I want to win my
opponent kind of played a bit too much
into that and I'm able to successfully
knock it out so now I can i know i can
actually leave see this magnezone this
also doesn't have hidden power fire you
see the district still does a good
amount though but I do hitch hit this
Legion seat so I know I just need to get
a couple of protects here and combine it
with power web / driver ball and there
should be actually able to win this game
despite how poorly the battle started
for me so far grunts kneel here get up
gonna protect here to get a obviously
more recovery back from this Magnezone
Magnezone continuing to discharge hoping
to you know go for maybe a para or
continually continuing to crit me but
I'm gonna heal back more from this leech
seed gonna bring me back to a very nice
healthy 147 HP mechanism still firing
off discharges this one I'm gonna do a
decent amount not even gonna bring me
under half though I'm gonna go for the
power wipe here since magnezone is not
exactly the fastest pokemon does a good
amount well my opponent basically knows
that there's no way for him to win now
especially with constantly she'd
recovery and another power way plus lead
sheet plus protect should be enough to
actually win me the game electricity
disappears on the battlefield didn't do
much here he is going to get another
discharge off though before fainting
hoping to get one last chance but
obviously not going to create or
paralyze me I do have the Lum berry
anyway powerweb here is going to nearly
knock it out but with this leech seed I
should be able to take the game so I was
a really fun game my opponent had some
awesome Pokemon and I fell into the trap
of under estimating visa underrated
Pokemon his entire team was pretty
unorthodox and he pretty much had the
win but I was able to come kind of come
through with some smart place with
ferrothorn let me know what you thought
of my opponents see my when you thought
of the battle guys I you know like it up
this is this is a part of the
commentated series even though it's not
a live camera theory but I'll bring you
a live commentated battle next since I
am just going through battle videos
right now as always let me know what you
thought about the video like comment
subscribe if you haven't already and
I'll see you next time alright have a
good night guys peace